---
layout: post
title: "2017年，会发生呢？"
subtitle: "2017年必定是各个领域变革的一年！"
date: 2017-01-06 21:11:27
author: "will"
---

## 校园VC火种节
校园VC在2017年3月份将有10场火种节在全国各地举办，欢迎所有的小伙伴参与！
我们将对火种节不断迭代，开放，创新，把最精彩的火种节呈现给大家。
随意透露一下，火种节创业体验一定要在固定的空间里吗？
我们将在大山里，原野上，庄园中，列车上，敬请期待！

合作报名详情请联系校园VC工作人员
联系方式：wechat／mobile（18813183253）

> 预告：校园VC超级火种节将于2017年2月20号盛大启动。
> 欢迎校园VC的小伙伴参加！
> 透露一点：你将看到一场全新的校园VC火种节


## 校园 VC 社群

* 校园VC社群目前分布 



这里是聚集了一群生命不息、折腾不止的大学生创业者。

校园VC疯子Live
本周开通 殷建松老师的千聊直播频道；

新书《从零到英雄》凝聚了殷建松十多年的创业经验和智慧，受到了李开复、俞洪敏、查立、邝子平、蒲东皖等31位圈内人士联袂举荐，该书从设计人生、设计创业、设计产品、实现产品、产品营销、团队领导以及投融资等七个方面。此频道请到殷老师本人授业解惑！



---校园 VC 开启全球招募合伙人---
报名请点击下方图片



## 自由人在路上
第二期自由人计划已经开始招募，欢迎团队报名参加。
本周我们举行了，第一次自由人见面会。

一个团队正在分享他们的项目，方向是移动办公Remote work。
自由人计划为三个月深度加速孵化，为创业者提供全流程加速。
报名招募截止时间：2017年2月12日
报名联系方式：wechat／mobile（18813183253

# markdown

Download
---- 

[Markdown 1.0.1] (18 KB) -- 17 Dec 2004

Introduction
---- 

Markdown is a text-to-HTML conversion tool for web writers. Markdown
allows you to write using an easy-to-read, easy-to-write plain text
format, then convert it to structurally valid XHTML (or HTML).

Thus, "Markdown" is two things: (1) a plain text formatting syntax;
and (2) a software tool, written in Perl, that converts the plain text
formatting to HTML. See the [Syntax] page for details pertaining to
Markdown's formatting syntax. You can try it out, right now, using the
online [Dingus].

The overriding design goal for Markdown's formatting syntax is to make
it as readable as possible. The idea is that a Markdown-formatted
document should be publishable as-is, as plain text, without looking
like it's been marked up with tags or formatting instructions. While
Markdown's syntax has been influenced by several existing text-to-HTML
filters, the single biggest source of inspiration for Markdown's
syntax is the format of plain text email.

The best way to get a feel for Markdown's formatting syntax is simply
to look at a Markdown-formatted document. For example, you can view
the Markdown source for the article text on this page here:
[http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/index.text]

(You can use this '.text' suffix trick to view the Markdown source for
the content of each of the pages in this section, e.g. the
[Syntax] and [License] pages.)

Markdown is free software, available under a BSD-style open source
license. See the [License] page for more information.

Discussion List ~<a id="discussion-list" />~
---- 

I've set up a public [mailing list for discussion about Markdown].
Any topic related to Markdown -- both its formatting syntax and
its software -- is fair game for discussion. Anyone who is interested
is welcome to join.

It's my hope that the mailing list will lead to good ideas for future
improvements to Markdown.

Installation and Requirements ~<a id="install" />~
---- 

Markdown requires Perl 5.6.0 or later. Welcome to the 21st Century.
Markdown also requires the standard Perl library module \[Digest\::MD5]
[md5], which is probably already installed on your server.

### Movable Type

Markdown works with Movable Type version 2.6 or later (including
Movable Type 3.0).

1.  Copy the "Markdown.pl" file into your Movable Type "plugins"
	directory. The "plugins" directory should be in the same directory
	as "mt.cgi"; if the "plugins" directory doesn't already exist, use
	your FTP program to create it. Your installation should look like
	this:
	
	'' (mt home)/plugins/Markdown.pl

2.  Once installed, Markdown will appear as an option in Movable Type's
	Text Formatting pop-up menu. This is selectable on a per-post basis:
	 
	(img)
	 
	Markdown translates your posts to HTML when you publish; the posts
	themselves are stored in your MT database in Markdown format.

3.  If you also install SmartyPants 1.5 (or later), Markdown will
	offer a second text formatting option: "Markdown With
	SmartyPants". This option is the same as the regular "Markdown"
	formatter, except that it automatically uses SmartyPants to create
	typographically correct curly quotes, em-dashes, and ellipses. See
	the [SmartyPants web page] for more information.

4.  To make Markdown (or "Markdown With SmartyPants") your default
	text formatting option for new posts, go to Weblog Config:
	Preferences.

Note that by default, Markdown produces XHTML output. To configure
Markdown to produce HTML 4 output, see "Configuration", below.

### Blosxom

Markdown works with Blosxom version 2.0 or later.

1.  Rename the "Markdown.pl" plug-in to "Markdown" (case is
	important). Movable Type requires plug-ins to have a ".pl"
	extension; Blosxom forbids it.

2.  Copy the "Markdown" plug-in file to your Blosxom plug-ins folder.
	If you're not sure where your Blosxom plug-ins folder is, see the
	Blosxom documentation for information.

3.  That's it. The entries in your weblog will now automatically be
	processed by Markdown.

4.  If you'd like to apply Markdown formatting only to certain
	posts, rather than all of them, Markdown can optionally be used in
	conjunction with Blosxom's [Meta] plug-in. First, install the
	Meta plug-in. Next, open the Markdown plug-in file in a text
	editor, and set the configuration variable `$g_blosxom_use_meta`
	to 1. Then, simply include a "`meta-markup: Markdown`" header line
	at the top of each post you compose using Markdown.

### BBEdit

Markdown works with BBEdit 6.1 or later on Mac OS X. It also works
with BBEdit 5.1 or later and MacPerl 5.6.1 on Mac OS 8.6 or later. If
you're running Mac OS X 10.2 (Jaguar), you may need to install the
Perl module [Digest\::MD5] from CPAN; Digest\::MD5 comes
pre-installed on Mac OS X 10.3 (Panther).

1.  Copy the "Markdown.pl" file to appropriate filters folder in your
	"BBEdit Support" folder. On Mac OS X, this should be:
	
	'' BBEdit Support/Unix Support/Unix Filters/
	
	See the BBEdit documentation for more details on the location of
	these folders.
	
	You can rename "Markdown.pl" to whatever you wish.

2.  That's it. To use Markdown, select some text in a BBEdit document,
	then choose Markdown from the Filters sub-menu in the "#!" menu, or
	the Filters floating palette



Configuration  ~<a id="configuration">~~</a>~
---- 

By default, Markdown produces XHTML output for tags with empty elements.
E.g.:

'' <br />

Markdown can be configured to produce HTML-style tags; e.g.:

'' <br>


### Movable Type

You need to use a special `MTMarkdownOptions` container tag in each
Movable Type template where you want HTML 4-style output:

'' <MTMarkdownOptions output='html4'>
''     ... put your entry content here ...
'' </MTMarkdownOptions>

The easiest way to use MTMarkdownOptions is probably to put the
opening tag right after your `<body>` tag, and the closing tag right
before `</body>`.

To suppress Markdown processing in a particular template, i.e. to
publish the raw Markdown-formatted text without translation into
(X)HTML, set the `output` attribute to 'raw':

'' <MTMarkdownOptions output='raw'>
''     ... put your entry content here ...
'' </MTMarkdownOptions>


### Command-Line

Use the `--html4tags` command-line switch to produce HTML output from a
Unix-style command line. E.g.:

'' % perl Markdown.pl --html4tags foo.text

Type `perldoc Markdown.pl`, or read the POD documentation within the
Markdown.pl source code for more information.


Acknowledgements ~<a id="acknowledgements" />~
---- 

[Aaron Swartz] deserves a tremendous amount of credit for his feedback on the
design of Markdown's formatting syntax. Markdown is *much* better thanks
to Aaron's ideas, feedback, and testing. Also, Aaron's [html2text]
is a very handy (and free) utility for turning HTML into
Markdown-formatted plain text.

[Nathaniel Irons], [Dan Benjamin], [Daniel Bogan], and [Jason Perkins]
also deserve thanks for their feedback.

[Michel Fortin] has ported Markdown to PHP; it's a splendid port, and highly recommended for anyone looking for a PHP implementation of Markdown.
